hello it's Ruby and today of course I'm
going to be doing vlogmas again right
here in this clip I'm just doing some
chemistry questions
good morning and welcome to vlogmas day
15 I cannot believe that December is
going so quickly it's actually rather
upsetting sorry my fringe is very puffy
this morning I don't know why but my
hair's just massive today we are going
up to London to see the ferryman at the
theatre with some really close family
friends that we go to the theatre with
every year at Christmas I've got to be
honest it's probably my second favorite
part of Christmas after Christmas Eve so
I'm so excited to see them because we
haven't seen them since summer in this
clip I am just writing off the key
quotes that I want to learn for The
Winter's Tale and I just went through my
notes and just literally wrote up a
bullet-pointed list of the quotes
we currently but what's the name of this
company
yep you could hear that we're in bread
the bread shop we've just had some
lovely lunch I've got this present which
you might see me wrap in my recent
kindness short film so I'm going to be
giving that to your homeless person
today this is something I really
recommend you trying yourself because
well the conversation that I was able to
have with the lady that I gave it to you
is just so lovely and it genuinely made
me so happy to see that she was happy
she said that it was she said that she
couldn't even remember the last time if
somebody had given her a Christmas
present I also really don't want you to
think that I'm only doing this for the
sake of putting it in a video because
that's absolutely not the case I just
want to encourage you to try something
similar yourself because we can really
make somebody else's Christmas through
doing such simple kind of it
and the Christmas lights Christmas
decorations is so cool dat the Bluebird
em was just so beautiful we were
admiring the ceiling and I wasn't
actually filming during the show this is
before the play had started but there
was somebody standing on the stage and I
didn't actually end up this vlog so I'm
really sorry about that
so I'm just going to end it via voice
over but thank you for watching and have
a productive week